early access note/update (#3598)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/brands/index.md

Explore the Brands API: [![Run in Postman](https://run.pstmn.io/button.svg)](https://app.getpostman.com/run-collection/8cc47beb2a20dfe078eb)

> > **Note:** This Postman collection requires the <ApiLifecycle access="ea"/> Loading Page Animation feature to be enabled.

Reviewer: should we be more specific about why this will be required? something like:
```
> **Note:** This Postman collection requires the <ApiLifecycle access="ea"/> Loading Page Animation feature to be enabled if using Themes API with `loadingPageTouchPointVariant`.
```

> > **Note:** This Postman collection requires the <ApiLifecycle access="ea"/> Loading Page Animation feature to be enabled if using Themes API with `loadingPageTouchPointVariant`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you want to use this Postman collection to call the Themes API with `loadingPageTouchPointVariant`, the <ApiLifecycle access="ea"/> Loading Page Animation feature needs to be enabled.
```
